my friends they always tell me that
playing the drums is more like a man and
then they say that I shouldn't be in
there should be like singing or
something else but I say it's pretty
cool playing the drums because because
the guys are not the only ones I could
play dressed okay - my name is Dunham
Amman I am my drummer and a couple
instead I think that as a kid I always
liked being in a place where I wasn't
expected I find so much power in Germany
and
women are very capable and capable
talented and innovative we used to
generate multiple roles and there is
rhythm in in terms of power you know I
believe that
capitalist male-dominated society
they're gonna want to diminish the
female role in it or say that women
aren't they don't have that capacity I'd
rather have them underestimate me it's
actually kind of fun to be
underestimated and then once you get to
unleash an aspect of your knowledge then
it's sort of like you they they sort of
can't do anything but to respect me
gentlemen and now states women it's okay
to drop your welcome to trump in the
early days was a little time before but
now I think the male chauvinistic is
kind of disappearing in that field so
I'm really thrilled to be a part of this
change